About pydance -- http://icculus.org/pyddr/
------------------------------------------
Have you ever gone to an arcade and seen some crazy girl busting moves
on some sort of metal panel of sorts, or a guy making a fool of
himself trying to dance without watching the screen? Well, that game
is probably Dance Dance Revolution, or DDR for short, which has been a
hit in Asian countries for awhile and is finally getting popular in
Europe and North America. It might also have been a similar game, such
as Pump It Up, or EZ2 Dancer.

pydance lets you play these games, and others like them, on your
computer, either with the keyboard or with a custom controller. What
you do is watch the screen as colored arrows move up the screen. As
soon as they cover up stationary arrows at the top, you step (or
press) the corresponding direction, in time with the beat of the
music.

You don't need a dance mat to play pydance! It's a lot more fun if you
do, but you can also use your keyboard or gamepad.

System Requirements
-------------------
These are rough guidelines. Depending on your graphical theme,
operating system, and so on, these requirements can differ. Although
it is possible to install and play pydance on systems slower than
this, the frame rate (and input latency) will be high enough that it
won't be much fun.

Operating System
    GNU/Linux (Debian is the easiest to use with pydance), Mac OS X,
    or Windows 2000 or higher. If Windows is your OS of choice, we can't
    help you debug. If Mac OS X is your OS of choice, we'll have plenty of
    trouble as well, but it's likely to work in the end.
Video Card
    A video card capable of doing 640x480x16bpp, which is most video
    cards made since 1995. More recent cards will be faster, but many old
    cards (ATI Radeon 7000, Matrox G200, nVidia TNT1) will be able to run
    pydance acceptably.
Processor
    We recommend a 1 GHz IA32 or 600 MHz PPC processor, or better, for
    pydance. However, pydance will run acceptably on a P3-500 or
    equivalent.
RAM
    At least 64MB is required. 128MB is very strongly
    recommended. pydance uses RAM to cache graphics, so more RAM means the
    UI will respond faster.
Hard Disk Space
    pydance requires about 5MB (around 50MB if you don't already have
    Python, SDL, or Pygame installed) of hard drive space to
    install. Songs take 1MB to 6MB each, on average. If your RAM is low,
    you will also need hard drive space for swap.

Getting pydance
---------------
To get the latest version of pydance, visit the pydance download
page at http://icculus.org/pyddr/get.php. It is available as a .zip or
a .tar.gz file. The site also contains information about installing
from packages for Debian, Mandrake, and Gentoo GNU/Linux, and also has
a disk image for Mac OS X users.

Otherwise, to run pydance, you can often just download the source,
unpack it, and double click on pydance.py (or run ./pydance.py). The
INSTALL file included with pydance has detailed installation
instructions for Unix.

Complete documentation is available in docs/manual.html.

Contact
-------
Two mailing lists exist for pydance, pyddr-discuss@lists.debian.org
and pyddr-devel@lists.debian.org. The pydance manual has more
information about them.

If you don't want to sign up for a mailing list but do want to report
a bug, you can email the Debian Bug Tracking System at
submit@bugs.debian.org. The first line of your email should be
"Package: pydance".

pydance has an IRC channel, #pyddr, on irc.freenode.net. It is usually
active, and can help you fix problems with pydance (if you've already
tried the instructions in the manual, and the ones in the official
FAQ). The main developers are in the channel as "Pavel" (Pavel
Krivitsky) and "P2E" (Brendan Becker). This is not, however, a good
place to report bugs, since they can get lost easily.
